Updated documentation to build JS SDK (#166)
zelloptt/zello-channel-api: sdks/js/README.md

## Build from sources

### Prerequisites

`npm` version at least `v8.1.0`

`node` version at least `v17.0.1`

### Install vendor dependencies

1. opus-to-pcm
2. pcm-player
3. opus-recorder

No need to install, just clone:

```bash
cd src/vendor
git clone git@github.com:zelloptt/opus-to-pcm.git
git clone git@github.com:zelloptt/pcm-player.git
git clone git@github.com:zelloptt/opus-recorder.git
```

### Rebuilding the recorder (optional)

> * Note: No need rebuilding the recorder if it was not changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Note: No need to rebuild the recorder if it was not changed.
```

Author: Changed
